Reusable SFTP architecture.
So our biggest client in Germany, they
have a lot of SFTP targets that they
have to fetch data on a daily basis.
And they are all mostly financial data.
So it's a very critical operation in
terms of security and data loss for us.
A system was built to fetch data
in the SFTP server using Cloud Run
jobs and another validation flow
with Dataflow before inserting
them into BigQuery securely.
So the basic structure here is simple.
We have
a Python solution that was written by
me to actually connect with the SFTP
clients, synchronize the data, and then
streams through our infrastructure.
The biggest pain point here was
the connectivity with their server.
So they were in another
Google Cloud project
in another VPC network with
some overlapping IPs into the VPC.
So a very specific connector was written
with Cloud NAT and VPC connector, so we
would have always the same outbound IP and
things will not overlap over the network.
So this solution, it worked really well
for the first specific case, which was
a very famous Korean electronics
manufacturer, and then was quickly
implemented into the other processes that
involved SFTP sync of these types of data.